
  My second to last laptop was a Core2Duo 2.4 GHz processor. I have recently purchased a new laptop, which has 2.5 GHz i7 processors (the new model Macbook Pro).  It it fairly obvious that a 5-year newer processor is faster.   My assumption is the processor speed has something to do with actual calculations per second, but obviously the "GHz" comparison is meaningless as a comparison when not comparing the same model of processor.   How can I reliably or meaningfully determine the differences in performance from two processors of different models?   " />
  The most obvious way is just to simply benchmark the two against each other. If you have a machine with each processor installed, or one machine with the ability to change the processor, then you can run tests. One machine would be better, to preserve all the other contributing aspects.  Perform some common tasks with each processor installed. These should be tasks that primarily use the CPU, rather than any other component: browsing the web wouldn't be as good, because it primarily uses the network card (yes, it does use CPU, but I don't see that as its primary resource). Tasks such as these:   Rendering, such as image editors, or in games; Heavy calculations. If you can program, make yourself a loop with some heavy work in there.     If you don't want to do as much work, you can look up processor stats. A quick Google search revealed this website, among others, to me, which seems to me to hold lists of processors that someone else has benchmarked for you. " />
  I'm looking at getting a new smartphone, as my old one (a Sony Xperia E) has reached the end of its life. There are a few things it has to have:   not an iPhone - I have a personal hatred for the things (not through use, simply on principle) enough RAM to play games with (I found the Xperia E, at its nominal 500MB, was too slow) display resolution not below 200 ppi all the standard communications stuff: texts, calls, and internet (plus their apps pre-installed) a camera absolute maximum £400 ($614.42) fits in a pocket (I find that means  decent screen size (>= 4.5")   And there are some things it would be nice to have, but I'd settle for something less.   Retina-resolution the ability to create a portable hotspot a decent camera, i.e. > 8MP an SD card slot (no preferences on SD type) the cheaper the better   I imagine there is a phone that satisfies all this; what do you recommend? Please include your reasoning in your answer, and any experiences you have of the phone you're recommending. " />
  The newly (August 2015) announced Motorola X Pure Edition costs $400, well below your price range, yet is a high-end modern smartphone. I think European branding is Moto X Style.   5.7" 1440p Quad HD display and front-facing stereo speakers (515 pixels per inch - better than Retina). 21 MP camera 3GB RAM microSD card (up to 128)   This phone matches and frequently exceeds 100% of your requirements.  Since this is as close as you get to raw Android short of a Nexus device, rootability is almost guaranteed so local hotspot should also be doable.  Also, as I noted, virtually every recent Android phone that's recent fits all your requirements, except from two 2015 Samsungs (Note5 and S6 have no SD card) and some late 2015 ultra high end flagships that edge higher than your $600 budget. If you include 2013/14 models that are now cheaper, you'll probably be happy with any of a couple dozen models. " />
  I have a remote server (running far, far away), which has a very important USB device plugged in (call T). Sometimes this device simply dies. If this happens, a simple plug out - plug in solves the problem on the spot. But to do that, somebody must be there physically, and do the plug out - plugin back with his own hands.  This is what I would like to automate.  My idea is to have another (USB or not) device, which can control the power line of another device, so:   it stays between T and my server can control the power of another USB device from the server I can control it remotely (ideal would be a char device, but any other solution is also acceptable).  " />
  I have read in many places online that a good smartphone camera doesn't solely depend on the amount of pixels. So, what else should I look in order to choose a good camera in a smartphone?    Sorry, to the community at the outset for not being clear to the specifications of my requirements; I was taking a photo of two rainbow(a very rare thing) at the time prior to twilight. I had Nokia 6700c(5 MP) &amp; took the photo but unfortunately all but the rainbows were in the photo. I then took the photo using my laptop's front camera(HP 2000) &amp; though it was only  2 MP, it could take the image of the rainbow but only a single one with fine grains around it(which after googling, I saw it as noise; thanks to @feetwet). So, 2MP performed better than 5MP! But still the photo was not clear enough to catch the image of second rainbow. Also, I never could take the image of a distant plane neither by the phone nor by my laptop; no matter at what proximity the plane was, it always appeared as dot in the photo but the laptop still performed well w.r.t. the phone. I like to take the images of clouds, sky, halos of moon, planes, birds hovering etc... I only wanted to know why my laptop performed better than my phone despite my phone being superior w.r.t. pixels. Also, I do want to know what to use in order to remove those grains or noise &amp; take the image of rainbow at twilight or prior to that; for all that, is pixel important or something else? " />
  Well, based on your preferences, I would definitely recommend OnePlus 2. One of my friends bought it, and it's really awesome with the best features and at a reasonable price.   13 MP with dual flash and of course laser-focused 4 GB LPDDR4 RAM Adreno 430 GPU Octacore CPU, good for gaming   Comes at € 399. The only exception is you need to Buy with an invite. People can't just walk to the store and get one, so to buy/place an order, someone must send you an invite.  Who is that someone? - usually, the OnePlus team will send an invite to a few people and they can pass the stick to others, and this continues. To get a better understanding of the invite, visit the link Invite System. " />
  General guidance for buying cameras alone can be applied here. There are several important aspects:   Pixels This is the resolution that the image sensor is capable of capturing. The greater the number, the more detail you'll get in your image. This does, however, combine with the next point: Sensor size The bigger the sensor, the bigger the pixels can be. And the bigger the pixels, the better your image quality. 'Nuff said. Zoom type Only one part of zoom, this. Look at optical vs. digital zoom - in short, optical zoom uses lenses to make the image look closer to the sensor, whereas digital simply scales up the image. Optical results in better quality because the image size stays the same, but it's generally bulky because of the need for a moving lens. Digital on the other hand scales everything up, losing detail and resolution and also making noise more apparent. Most phones use digital simply because they don't have room to include a zoom lens in their cameras. Zoom range This is the number like that comes in the format "8x digital zoom" or "32x optical zoom". The bigger the number, the further away you can sense things from. Take care, though - big digital zooms often result in pixelated images. With a phone, you can often simply get closer to your subject - an 8x is often adequate.  " />
  Some time ago I've read about 5D 'Superman memory crystal' heralds unlimited lifetime data storage which is about the data-storage technique which uses a laser to alter the optical properties of fused quartz at the nanoscale.  This kind of devices can potentially store 360TB of data (equivalent to 75,000 DVDs) on a standard-sized disc.  Is this technology real so far? Are there any available hardware devices for data storage based on that technology that you can recommend? " />
  The Nokia N9 (64GB version) goes for under €600. The exact price will vary depending on where you get it, I'm not a price expert. It's a bit of a niche phone since it has an uncommon operating system (MeeGo, a Linux distribution).   3.9" AMOLED 16M display (251 dpi) 1 GHz Cortex A8 8 MP, 3264 x 2448 pixels, Carl Zeiss optics, autofocus, dual LED flash   For the rest of the specs, see the link. The screen is slightly smaller than requested, but it's not that big of a difference. I think it's definitely a noteworthy candidate.  Amazon currently lists 2 new ones between $400 and $500. " />
  I'm wondering what the advantages of using mechanical keyboards vs. traditional keyboards (i.e. membrane keyboards) are.   My primary uses will be coding, productivity, and avoiding getting RSI.  " />
  I have used the Logitech M570 for years, however when I compare the DPI on it to normal modern gaming mice it seems lackluster. I also would like to use all my fingers for buttons in games that require a lot of different keys and I can't help but feel they are wasted on the two + scroll that the mouse has.  I have also ordered a Japanese mouse call the Elcom M-XT1URBK with the promise of more DPI options and more buttons. Although I did like the way it was wired and I do currently use it I found three issues that lead me to look for other options:   The extra button just slows down the trackball so movement can allows for more precision but is hard-coded and can not be  key-bound. The mouse acts like it has mouse acceleration that makes gaming harder. (I may be wrong about this but so far it looks like it.) The size is small I find my hands cramping after a few matches of an intense game (about an hours use). My older "M570" mouse did not do this.        What are my options for a thumb trackball for gaming (aside from the two listed)?  " />
  I am looking for a head-controlled mouse controlled with neck movements. I have found SmartNav (400 to 600 USD), TrackerPro (1550 USD), HeadMouse Extreme/Nano (995 USD) and HeadMaster (?? USD). How do they compare in terms of accuracy when moving the mouse cursor? My setting is multi-monitor (6). I am open to other devices as well (controlled with neck movements). " />
  I want to create a private cloud on my home, and for this I want to know a good NAS device that performs the following:   Put two or more hard drives on RAID 1. As cheap as possible. Allow to install software to manage NAS from cloud. Energy efficient Reliable, in the sense that this will be probably running 24/7.   Optional:   Allows to be accessed as a media server. Option for data encryption.  " />
  Look at Xiaomi (world's 4th largest smartphone maker) for reasonably priced phones with good specifications , they are often hard to beat price-wise.  E.g. the Xiaomi Redmi 2 Pro Smartphone meet all your required specifications and costs ~130 USD: 4G LTE, 2GB RAM, 16GB memory, MSM8916 64bit Quad Core 1.2GHz, Android 4.4, 4.7 inch HD OGS Screen, Dual Cameras. (all specs)  Check out this list of popular Xiaomi phones for a wider choice. " />
  I'm looking for a good, second 24" monitor. What specifications do I have to look for in general when buying monitors?  I know, because it's my second 24" monitor, that it should fit well next to the existing one (same height, as small border as possible). But what else do I have to consider?   When buying my first monitor all I looked for was the right size and a good price. I ordered it online and therefore haven't seen it in person before. Would it be better to first look at a monitor in a shop before buying it?  I guess the specifications depend on the intended usage. I'll use it mostly for gaming (I'll use the better one as my main monitor) and surfing. If the types of games also matter: Mostly FPS, GTA V and some rather old strategy games such as Anno 1503 or C&amp;C Red Alert 2. " />
  I am building an ERP solution using Microsoft .net and SQL server 2012.  I would expect about 20-30 users and my client would like to buy his own server rather than go with a cloud based server.   Given the performance needs of a small enterprise with about 5 concurrent users using a web application (not directly accessing the server) which is the cheapest or the lowest configuration server that I could recommend.   I am considering if hot swappable components would be essential as the server is used primarily for an ERP and can be taken down if there is a component failure.  I was suggested a Dell Power Edge T20 Server, which seems to fit the client's budget, but not sure if there are better options for that sort of a budget. " />
  QNAP TS-231  I've been using a TS-212 just about 24/7 for two years. I was happy enough with it that I recently bought a second QNAP device, albeit one that has 4 drive bays (TS-451). It appears that the TS-212 has been phased out in favor of the TS-231, but the specifications appear to be very similar. I think it will meet your requirements.   Put two or more hard drives on RAID 1.   There are two hot-swappable drive bays, both RAID 0 and 1 are supported  As cheap as possible.   It's currently available for $179.00 on Amazon. Admittedly, it's not the cheapest dual bay NAS available, Synology's DS214se is currently $149.00.  Allow to install software to manage NAS from cloud.   The NAS comes with QNAP's custom web interface. That includes myQNAPcloud Connect which "helps you access the published services of the Turbo NAS quickly and securely on the Internet."  Energy efficient   Power consumption is listed at 9.78W in standby, 20.56W in operation  Reliable, in the sense that this will be probably running 24/7.   As I already mentioned, mine has run 24/7 for two years without disruptions. The only time it goes down is when I lose power, and I can always rely on it to boot back up and launch the services I have configured.  Allows to be accessed as a media server.   There are a few options here. The "QNAP Ecosystem" has apps; there are many media server utilities available. I just use it as a file server to connect from Windows machines, that works well enough for me needs when accessing media.  Option for data encryption.   Supported, but I have never used it so I cannot speak personally to that.    Potential Disadvantages   The RAM is soldered and not upgradeable. Other QNAP models allow you to upgrade the RAM, but you're stuck with 512MB for this one. It's an ARM processor. The OS is a custom QNAP flavor of Linux so it's easily customizable if you need to do something beyond the user friendly web UI, but any custom utilities you install need to support ARM processors.  " />
  I want a smartphone.  At this point I don’t care about hardware specifications, features, design, price etc.  The only requirement is that the smartphone ships without proprietary software. But I read somewhere that there’s currently no alternative to certain proprietary firmware/drivers, so if that’s the case, it would work for me if "only" the operating system and everything on top of it is FLOSS (while layers below the OS may be proprietary).  Required:   The pre-installed operating system as well as all pre-installed apps/modifications have to be FLOSS.   The smartphone has to ship like that. Buying a smartphone with pre-installed proprietary software, deleting it, and installing a FLOSS OS is not an option. What matters is what’s pre-installed, not what could be installed by the user (so it’s fine if a pre-installed app store offers proprietary apps, as long as the user has the choice not to install them).  The license has to be approved by the FSF and/or the OSI. It must be a sealed/unused product (so not offered by someone who buys smartphones with proprietary software, installs a FLOSS system and resells them).    Optional (for bonus points!):   Everything’s FLOSS, including firmware/drivers. Support installing other operating systems manually (ideally without losing warranty). Free/libre/open hardware. Ethically produced: fair trade, avoiding conflict minerals, …  " />
  I have a Lorex NVR and half a dozen of their 1080p PoE (Cat6) IP Cameras that are now over two years old.  Image quality leaves something to be desired, and I'd like to get adjustable lenses so I can fine-tune the field of view.  Features I care about:   Best 1080p image quality (although the NVR is set to only record on each at 15fps) Best on-camera low-light illumination Zoom lens so I can manually adjust field-of-view Weather sealed  " />
  We're looking for a new desk for an FOH house-of-worship setting. Right now we're using an Allen &amp; Heath GL2200, 32-channel. We love it. It's done everything we want, but it's getting up there in years and we need more aux sends.   We have a fairly flexible budget, but system under $10k would be best. It would be installed permanently, we don't need to flightcase it. We already have clean power We'd really need to have at least 10 aux sends, plus stereo mains output. We'd like to have more inputs, but we've gotten along fine with 32. This is a want, not a need. It shouldn't be any bigger physically than our GL2200, otherwise we have to start moving things around in the booth and we don't want to do that.   Volunteers are (exclusively) using this, so it would be nice to have something with a not-terribly-steep learning curve. We're open to (and leaning towards) a digital desk.  What do I need to consider? Does anyone have experience with something that would be a good fit? " />
  There are essentially two options:   A USB hub with power control, such as this one, which was designed for this purpose. It seems like some other USB hubs can do this too, check this question over at StackOverflow for specifics and possibly other methods of doing this. DIY, with a USB-controlled relay to switch the power to the usb device on and off, see this blog post for an illustration of how someone did it. Maybe fix the problem with your usb device ?  " />
  Looking for a "passive" GPS tracking device.  Everything I have found on the market is obsolete and overpriced, especially compared to the "active" trackers that are essentially cellular devices that respond and/or broadcast their location.  The drawback to an active device is that it typically requires a data contract and is much more traceable.  The best of the bad options I have found in the passive arena is the Tracking Key but it is widely panned because LAS's products are not weather-sealed ("just put it in a plastic bag" is their suggestion), their support is abysmal, and all cost at least $150!  (There's no question that in volume a controller, GPS module, USB interface, battery, magnet, and rubberized jacket should command a market price of at most $100.)  Looking for a passive GPS tracker with the following features:   Weather sealed (Optional) magnetic attachment Antenna works when installed under a vehicle Battery-efficient: I.e., it goes to sleep when not moved for a certain period.  " />
  Blueproducts has a great product line, I guarantee they will have a design you like. There are so many to choose from so I won't go into much detail here.  I personally have the Blu Studio 5.0C which is a bit older now but when I bought it brand new a year ago, for $125 plus shipping, it exceeded all expectations.    Android (4.4) 5.0 inches 720 x 1280 pixels 294 ppi 8 megapixel camera (rear) 2 megapixel camera (front) Quad core, 1300 MHz, ARM Cortex-A7 1024 MB RAM / 4096 MB ROM 2000 mAh battery Dual sim card GSM 850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz UMTS 850, 1700/2100, 1900 MHz HSDPA+ (4G) 21.1 Mbit/s, EDGE, GPRS  " />
  
  
  I have a relatively new HDTV I'm working with, and I'd like a device to remotely control the TV through HDMI-CEC. Ideally, I would be able to sit back and have a web console to control those things.   I have WiFi, Ethernet would be a stretch to get to the TV My budget is ~$50-$100. Lower is better. Bonus points if it works over the open Internet, with proper authentication.    I have a DVD player and DIRECTV box attached, if it matters. " />
  I'm sick of trying to use my mouse to do Photoshop drawing.  I know the standard is to to use a digitizer (a.k.a., pen tablet), but I don't want to sink hundreds of dollars into one when I really just need something more ergonomic and responsive than a mouse for some details.  Are there any obvious entry-level digitizers, or is it not worth it until I'm ready to pay up for the pro-grade digitizers? " />
  In 2012 I've bought a Samsung Series 9 X4D ultrabook with a 15" screen. I'm still quite satisfied with this product. Currently, I am searching for an additional notebook with similar requirements. Unfortunately, Samsung has withdrawn from the European notebook market.  Focus lies on:   haptics and workmanship  matte screen with at least 14" and a resolution of 1600x900 or better SSD only large capacity touchpad and keyboard low weight round 1000€/1100$   CPU and graphics power are of lesser importance. It does not necessarily have to be labeled as an ultrabook either.   The only devices I've found so far are the Lenovo Yoga and L-Series. Are there further solutions for these requirements? " />
  I recently got a Wacom Intuos Pen Small, and I love it.  It does everything I need it to do and it skips out on all the extra buttons and features that probably aren't needed anyway.  The price tag comes in at about $80.  The size of the area that you can draw in is about 6"x4" inches. The actual size is about 8"x7" It might seem a bit small, but it's really plenty.  It comes with 1024 levels of presure sensitivity. I know some of the more expensive models have more, but this is enough for my purposes.  It also has four buttons at the top for Ctrl, Alt, Shift and the Windows Key. Each of which can be customized. " />
  Broadly-speaking, it would be silly to consider anything other than a digital desk at this point. That said, there will be a learning curve for people that are used to analog desks.  I've been operating a Yamaha LS9-32 at church for the past four years or so, and have found it to be an excellent board.  Now, for your requirements:     We have a fairly flexible budget, but system under $10k would be best.   Ours was purchased four years ago for ~$8500 US. I'm not certain, but logic says that it would be cheaper than that now.     We'd really need to have at least 10 aux sends, plus stereo mains   output.   It has 16 aux sends in addition to the stereo mains.     We'd like to have more inputs, but we've gotten along fine with 32.   This is a want, not a need.   The LS9-32 has 32 faders and 32 inputs on-board, and you can add an additional 32 inputs via an external digital input module if needed. The additional 32 channels are accessible on the desk by switching from the "1-32 Layer" to the "33-64 Layer".     It shouldn't be any bigger physically than our GL2200, otherwise we   have to start moving things around in the booth and we don't want to   do that.   The LS9-32 is roughly 35"x20". I wasn't able to find the specs of the GL2200 to compare size.  In addition to the above, here are a few high-level features that I enjoy:   Each channel has a 4-band, fully-sweepable parametric EQ, and two dynamics "slots" The channel dynamics slots can be used for compressors, gates, limiters, de-essers, etc. The LS9 has on-board effects "racks", with a wide variety of reverbs, delays, choruses, etc. On-board recorder, with inputs you can assign arbitrarily to discrete channels, auxes, or mains Motorized faders along with a generous scene memory "Guest mode" - with this, nearly all of the board's features are either unavailable or locked. Prevents guests or new users from doing something stupid The Yamaha "StageMix" iPad app. This is huge. It's a free app that connects to your board via Wifi. Nearly all of the functionality of the board is available through the app. This lets me do things like be on-stage during sound check to listen and adjust monitor mixes. Also, I can roam the floor, on-axis with the PA and hear the actual mix instead of having to guess from the sound loft.   Our sound staff is exclusively non-pro volunteers (including myself), and while there was a bit of an adjustment period, all of them were able to pick up the basics fairly quickly, and have been expanding their usage and knowledge of the board each time they're on the schedule. " />
  No question: Get a Wacom Intuous.  Available for under $100, this will provide all the key features serious graphic artists and photographers use in Photoshop, Illustrator, and the like: high resolution pressure sensitivity, touch sensitivity.  It has a large enough surface that you might never feel the need to upgrade.  And you may even find it to be a useful replacement for your mouse in more traditional applications. " />
  I see many people talking about how they have built water cooling into their system.  Is there any real benefit in performance by doing this or is it purely for aesthetics?  " />
  I'd like to fit a gaming PC in my living room, and am looking into small form factor ones.   I have been recommended the Alienware X51 series whose I appreciate the shape reminiscent of a gaming console,  About Alienware one question I cannot find an answer for is if it would be safe to stack my PS3 on top of it (I do not have a lot of space in the living room)? I heard that the PC can get quite hot.    I also want to consider alternatives.    Are there other PC cases with shapes similar to the X51? Most of the Mini-Itx have more like a "brick" shape, and seem harder to fit in the living room. " />
  For a hardware project, I'm looking for a simple, robust Bluetooth controller on which I can solder buttons. I found the Bluefruit EZ-Key but I don't like it that I can't change the name.  I've Googled quite a lot but cannot find any alternative. Are there any other standalone Bluetooth controllers around? Or is it possible to build one yourself? " />
  We have a couple pairs of headphones we use with our GL2200 for listening to PFL/AFL during a live church service. One pair works fine, the other... does not. We want to replace the pair that doesn't work fine  They should:   Play nice with the GL2200, and ideally the digital board we're hoping to get at some point in the future Have good isolation (I've had good experiences with active systems, but if it just has very very good 'physical' isolation, that'd work too) Not be terribly expensive ( Have a volume adjustment on the headphones themselves. We have two sets of headphones coming off the board, and one volume control for both of them.  If the cabling on them is non-removable, have a decently long coiled cable.  " />
  If you are planning to use it mainly for FPS gaming, and you are competitive in it, you are going to want to have a monitor that is 60hz - 144hz with a low response time   If you're not on the competitive side then here are the different questions to answer to help you decide on what you want.   What resolution? (1080p, 1440p, 4k) What refresh rate? (60hz, 144hz) What type of panel? (IPS, TN) What size screen? (You have already answered this in your question but still something to think about) What aspect ratio? (16:9, 21:9, etc.)  What size of a bezel? (You mentioned this as well saying you want a thin border) Price?   A site that I use to check some of these is pcpartpicker.com. You will be able to filter on all of these things directly from their site. " />
  Water-cooling is better than traditional fan-cooling. Using it is reasonable if you have hardware that gets hot very often and reaches its temperature limits; and you can't cool it down in traditional ways. Another (bad) reason is something like "hey people look, I have watercooling because its cool". And the last reason is - it's not noisy and dusty.   And what about performance? Hardware may slow down on high temperatures. That includes CPU, GPU. Hardware can get damaged on high temperatures. For example, HDD (yes, it's max temperatures are usually about 55-60C, whereas CPU can be 70-100C), especially HDD on notebooks.  There is no performance gain when using watercooling. But there can be performance loss or damage if such temperature-sensitive devices don't get enough cooling. And then watercooling is a good option to re-gain the lost performance. " />
  I am looking for a smartphone that I can use for testing and developing my Android app on. Any Android version above 2.3 is okay and any screen size is good. I currently have a Nexus 7 and want another, smaller, screen size. Are there any good smartphones at this price point? " />
  Look at Xiaomi (world's 4th largest smartphone maker) for reasonably priced phones with good specifications , they are often hard to beat price-wise.  E.g. the Xiaomi Redmi 2 Pro Smartphone meet all your required specifications and costs ~130 USD: 4G LTE, 2GB RAM, 16GB memory, MSM8916 64bit Quad Core 1.2GHz, Android 4.4, 4.7 inch HD OGS Screen, Dual Cameras. (all specs)  Check out this list of popular Xiaomi phones for a wider choice, some are slightly cheaper (e.g. Xiaomi Redmi 2A A at 102 USD). " />
  The Intel Core i7 processor has a feature known as "hyper-threading." Quoting their website:      Intel® Hyper-Threading Technology (Intel® HT Technology)1 uses processor resources more efficiently, enabling multiple threads to run on each core. As a performance feature, it also increases processor throughput, improving overall performance on threaded software.   Of course, this sounds a bit like an advertisement, and it doesn't show whether it has any less desirable qualities to it, such as increased power usage.  What exactly is hyper-threading? When should I buy a processor that utilizes this? " />
  I have many video outputs that I would like to simultaneously overview with a control monitor, but I don't want to buy a monitor for each video output itself. So I'm looking for a similar solution what we can see at surveillance systems, where the monitor is connected to a DVR unit, which processes multiple camera images, and we can see them displayed in some kind of grid.    Is there such a device for regular VGA or HDMI outputs? It doesn't matter if it is built into the monitor itself or if it has, for example, 4 or more inputs with one output I can connect to a monitor. It would be nice if the output layout could be configurable to different layout styles like in the picture below, but it isn't a requirement.   " />
  There are many many more options if you build your own system, and you can then be more flexible in terms of the components and the machine that you end up with.  For example: are you looking to max out the graphics card? do you want to be able to upgrade said card relatively easily in a year?   The other piece of advice is to not get too hung up on definitions.  The HTPC cases are going to be more like what you are looking for in terms of looks and are perfectly capable of being gaming rigs.  Take a look at the Silverstone cases as an example, and this one in particular for a fit in a living room:    You might think that one is too big, after all it fits a standard ATX case, in which case you can check out the slim models etc.  However, more space makes it easier to cool quietly and it looks just like an amp you might see as part of a normal home theater set up.    Silverstone are not the only game in town either, Streacom, Origen AE, Lian Li, Fractal Design have some amazing looking cases and more mainstream players like Corsair (the Bulldog is coming soon as of writing this) have options on the way.  In terms of pre-built systems places like QuietPC have been offering excellent (and quiet, of course) options that would certainly fit in your living room.  As to whether to stack your components, I would always recommend an air gap and no direct contact - even though the heat will generally exhaust out the back a lot of the small form factor units are going to radiate heat from the case directly.    I have cooked a wireless router while sitting on top of a PC and had overheating problems with an Apple TV for similar reasons.  If you must stack, then always try to have the hottest component at the top. " />
  The Moto E is a low end cell phone priced at ~$120 USD for the 3G model (off contract). It has 1GB RAM, 8GB internal storage, supports up to 32GB microSD, and Android 5.0. The display is 4.5" qHD 540x960 245 ppi IPS. The 3G model has a 1.2GHz quad-core CPU (Snapdragon 200) and an Adreno 302 GPU (400 MHz).  Also, if you order it from Motorola directly, you get free shipping. " />
  What is hyper-threading and how does it work? does a good job at explaining what hyper-threading is:     Hyper-threading is where your processor pretends to have 2 physical   processor cores, yet only has 1 and some extra junk.      The point of hyperthreading is that many times when you are executing   code in the processor, there are parts of the processor that is idle.   By including an extra set of CPU registers, the processor can act like   it has two cores and thus use all parts of the processor in parallel.   When the 2 cores both need to use one component of the processor, then   one core ends up waiting of course. This is why it can not replace   dual-core and such processors.   This article presents a benchmark on the benefits of hyper-threading:       As the performance boost figure of only up to 30% indicates, Hyper-Threading is not the same as doubling the number of cores on a processor.    Another benchmark can be found here:            Wikipedia has a section on hyper-threading's performance. Basically the results aren't clear-cut.  So all in all, it is probably useful if you plan to have more threads running than the number of physical cores, which is likely to be the case, but the performance gains won't be miraculous though and in some cases null. " />
  I am looking for a computer that can handle 6 virtual machines and about 80 chrome tabs open. I will be using Visual Studio as well. I'm asking about chipsets, RAM, and also generally what computer is good.  The operating systems installed on the VM will be: Win 10, Win 7, Win XP, Win XP_B, Debian, Ubuntu. I will allocate a minimum amount of resources to each of these.  As for the budget, a cheaper computer that can still handle the workload would be better.  I would like at least 32GB RAM because my current laptop is 16GB and I use 8GB of its RAM largely from just web browsing. What other specs should I be looking for in a computer that can handle the workload? " />
     What exactly is hyper-threading?    This is a process where your processor simulates another processor core, allowing better multithreading/etc.  For example, a dual core machine with hyperthreading will have:   2 physical cores 4 virtual cores   In some sense, this allows the processor to "pretend" to have more cores.     When should I buy a processor that utilizes this?   This can be useful if you are doing applications that are heavily multi-threaded. Virtual machines, image/video processing, compiling code, etc. Basically if your computer use is going to be heavily CPU dependent.  For most users hyperthreading will have minimal effect.  " />
  There are some more options (added to JonasCZ's answer):   KVM - generally a good option to control servers remotely.  Raspberry Pi or Arduino (etc) - easy and cheap. In case of Raspberry Pi you can connect it to the necessary ports, connect to the net and that's it. They also have pins which are easily programmable.  " />
